What ?

A one day session on python

To Whom ?

Entry to mid level programmers aged 24 - 34

Expected participants are familiar with at least one programming language

Is familiarity with OOP concepts expected ? - Maybe not

Nationality ? Indian

Religion ? Not sure, hindu though going by the majority

They know about, sense of humor etc ? Bollywood, English series, GOT etc


Prerequisites:

Familiarity with at least one programming language

Any assignments, reading ? - No, but maybe a primer

How do the expected participants percieve me ?

I am at the same level to the participants at best, junior at worst.

Challenges:
	People may not want to talk
	Ego issues usually with senior people
	If I crack a joke and say some get it, some don't and others are offended ?

What is the need/purpose ? Why do people want to attend a training on python ?

job/career opportunities
personal growth
curiosity/passion


Logistics ? What do the participants need to bring to the training ?

Desktop/laptop with a available Python environment is a prerequisite

A notebook and a pen recommended

Who knows what already ? How to deal with someone who already knows about the topic(sometimes way better than you) and is sitting there judging, and in the process hampering the class as a whole ?


Some questions

How complex - intro to mid level

What I have in mind


SESSION 1:

Start with a program - say Fibonacci series

Do it in a class, write constructors to initialize base variables - classes and constructors

Show the most obvious way to do it - recursion and as a side note why it's bad

Show how to improve recursion - fibonacci memoization - dict data type (hash tables)

Write a function to compute fibonacci iteratively - loops, functions, convert the iterable into a list and explain list data type

Use iterators and do it - judge how familiar the participants with the concept of iterators in java/c++ and accordingly decide the level of detail - iterators

Use generators and do it - python generators

WHAT IS MISSING?

THE HOLY GRAIL(s) OF PROGRAMMING - files, strings, slicing and lots of concepts



SESSION 2:

You've written some code in different programming languages, you want to know the statistics


	
